There are different endpoints for eu and us sites (#17094)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/sending-events-and-logs-to-datadog-with-amazon-eventbridge-api-destinations.md

1. Follow the steps in the [Amazon Create an API destination docs][5] to add Datadog as an API destination.
    - Use API key authorization, with `DD-API-KEY` as your key name and your [Datadog API key][3] as the value.

>     - For your destination endpoint, use `https://http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com/v1/input` or `https://http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu/v1/input`   for logs and `https://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/events` or `https://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v1/events` for events, and set `POST` as the HTTP method. For more information about the differences between logs and events, see the [logs section][6], and the [events section][7] of the [Categories of Data docs page][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For your destination endpoint, use `https://{{< region-param key="http_endpoint" code="true" >}}/v1/input` for logs and `https://api.{{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}/api/v1/events` for events, and set `POST` as the HTTP method. For more information about the differences between logs and events, see the [logs section][6], and the [events section][7] of the [Categories of Data docs page][8].
```
